README.md, before:

# CricApi

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/CricApi`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'CricApi'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install CricApi

## Usage

The [CricApi](http://www.cricapi.com/), Free to use, super-high bandwidth, high performance Cricket API. Targeted at Developers and Cricket lovers.


In order to use the [CricApi](http://www.cricapi.com/) endpoints, u need to have an api_key which can use generated by signing into [cricapi](http://www.cricapi.com/). For testing purpose can use test_api_key "TESTKEY0273"

There are five endpoint, Usage is as Follow

```ruby
    require 'CricApi'
    
    api_key = "TESTKEY0273"
    cricapi = CricApi::Request.new(api_key)
```
cricket endpoint, Old Match API 

```ruby 
   
    cricapi.cricket
    # => {
  	    "ttl": 2,
  	    "v": "1",
  	    "cache": true,
  	    "data": [
    		      {
      			 "unique_id": "1122751",
      			 "description": "Mid West Rhinos 213/6 * v Mashonaland Eagles 321/10 ",
      			 "title": "Mid West Rhinos 213/6 * v Mashonaland Eagles 321/10 "
    		      }
    	    ]
    	 }
```
schedule endpoint, Match Calender 
    	 
```ruby

    cricapi.schedule
    # => { 			
  	    "data": [
    		      {
      			 "unique_id": "will generate 1-2 days before match",
      			 "name": "India v Sri Lanka at Kolkata, 1st Test - day 1",
      		         "date": "16 November 2017"
    		      },
    		      {
      			 "unique_id": "will generate 1-2 days before match",
      			 "name": "India v Sri Lanka at Kolkata, 1st Test - day 2",
      			 "date": "17 November 2017"
    		       }
    		    ]		
    	 }    	 	    
```

cricketScore endpoint, This requires a match unique_id, which will be provide by cricket endpoint 
    	 
```ruby

    unique_id = "1034809"
    cricapi.cricketScore(unique_id)
    # => {
  	    "matchStarted": true,
  	    "team-1": "England",
  	    "team-2": "India",
  	    "cache": true,
  	    "v": "1",
  	    "ttl": 2,
  	    "provider": {
    		"source": "Various",
    		"url": "https://cricapi.com/",
    		"pubDate": "2017-11-11T06:24:19.712Z"
  	    },
	}   	 	    
```

matches endpoint

```ruby
    cricapi.matches
    # => {
  	    "matches": [
    			 {
      			    "unique_id": 1124063,
      			    "date": "2017-11-10T00:00:00.000Z",
      			    "team-2": "Band-e-Amir Region",
      			    "team-1": "Mis Ainak Region",
      			    "type": "First-class",
      			    "dateTimeGMT": "2017-11-07T04:30:00.000Z",
      			    "squad": true,
      			    "toss_winner_team": "Band-e-Amir Region",
      			    "matchStarted": true
    			} 
    		      ]
           }				    	 	    
```

playerStats endpoint, This requires a players pid, which will be obtained [here](http://www.cricapi.com/players/) 
    	 
```ruby

    pid = "32350"
    cricapi.playerStats(unique_id)
    # => {
  			"pid": 35320,
  			"profile": "\n\nSachin Tendulkar has been the most complete batsman of his time, the most prolific runmaker of all time, and arguably the biggest cricket icon the game has ever known. His batting was based on the purest principles: perfect balance, economy of movement, precision in stroke-making, and that intangible quality given only to geniuses - anticipation. If he didn't have a signature stroke - the upright, back-foot punch comes close - it's because he was equally proficient at each of the full range of orthodox shots (and plenty of improvised ones as well) and can pull them out at will.  \n\n",
 			"imageURL": "http://cricapi.com/playerpic/35320.jpg",
  			"battingStyle": "Right-hand bat",
  			"bowlingStyle": "Right-arm offbreak, Legbreak googly",
  			"majorTeams": "India,Asia XI,Mumbai,Mumbai Indians,Yorkshire",
  			"currentAge": "44 years 186 days",
  			"born": "April 24, 1973, Bombay (now Mumbai), Maharashtra",
  			"fullName": "Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar",
  			"name": "Sachin Tendulkar",
  			"country": "India",
  			"playingRole": "Top-order batsman"
  		}
  		 	 	    
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/karthikgangadhar/CricApi. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the CricApi project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[karthikgangadhar]/CricApi/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

added paid fantacy cricket endpoint

README.md, after:

# CricApi

Welcome to cric-api. The live cricket score, player statistics and fantasy scorecard API allow you to get API data anytime, 24x7 at your fingertips. It's extremely simple, easy to use - with a huge collection of examples.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'CricApi'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install CricApi

## Usage

The [CricApi](http://www.cricapi.com/), Free to use, super-high bandwidth, high performance Cricket API. Targeted at Developers and Cricket lovers.


In order to use the [CricApi](http://www.cricapi.com/) endpoints, u need to have an api_key which can use generated by signing into [cricapi](http://www.cricapi.com/). For testing purpose can use test_api_key "TESTKEY0273"

There are five endpoint, Usage is as Follow

```ruby
    require 'CricApi'
    
    api_key = "TESTKEY0273"
    cricapi = CricApi::Request.new(api_key)
```
cricket endpoint, Old Match API 

```ruby 
   
    cricapi.cricket
    # => {
  	    "ttl": 2,
  	    "v": "1",
  	    "cache": true,
  	    "data": [
    		      {
      			 "unique_id": "1122751",
      			 "description": "Mid West Rhinos 213/6 * v Mashonaland Eagles 321/10 ",
      			 "title": "Mid West Rhinos 213/6 * v Mashonaland Eagles 321/10 "
    		      }
    	    ]
    	 }
```
schedule endpoint, Match Calender 
    	 
```ruby

    cricapi.schedule
    # => { 			
  	    "data": [
    		      {
      			 "unique_id": "will generate 1-2 days before match",
      			 "name": "India v Sri Lanka at Kolkata, 1st Test - day 1",
      		         "date": "16 November 2017"
    		      },
    		      {
      			 "unique_id": "will generate 1-2 days before match",
      			 "name": "India v Sri Lanka at Kolkata, 1st Test - day 2",
      			 "date": "17 November 2017"
    		       }
    		    ]		
    	 }    	 	    
```

cricketScore endpoint, This requires a match unique_id, which will be provide by cricket endpoint 
    	 
```ruby

    unique_id = "1034809"
    cricapi.cricketScore(unique_id)
    # => {
  	    "matchStarted": true,
  	    "team-1": "England",
  	    "team-2": "India",
  	    "cache": true,
  	    "v": "1",
  	    "ttl": 2,
  	    "provider": {
    		"source": "Various",
    		"url": "https://cricapi.com/",
    		"pubDate": "2017-11-11T06:24:19.712Z"
  	    },
	}   	 	    
```

matches endpoint

```ruby
    cricapi.matches
    # => {
  	    "matches": [
    			 {
      			    "unique_id": 1124063,
      			    "date": "2017-11-10T00:00:00.000Z",
      			    "team-2": "Band-e-Amir Region",
      			    "team-1": "Mis Ainak Region",
      			    "type": "First-class",
      			    "dateTimeGMT": "2017-11-07T04:30:00.000Z",
      			    "squad": true,
      			    "toss_winner_team": "Band-e-Amir Region",
      			    "matchStarted": true
    			} 
    		      ]
           }				    	 	    
```

playerStats endpoint, This requires a players pid, which will be obtained [here](http://www.cricapi.com/players/) 
    	 
```ruby

    pid = "32350"
    cricapi.playerStats(unique_id)
    # => {
  			"pid": 35320,
  			"profile": "\n\nSachin Tendulkar has been the most complete batsman of his time, the most prolific runmaker of all time, and arguably the biggest cricket icon the game has ever known. His batting was based on the purest principles: perfect balance, economy of movement, precision in stroke-making, and that intangible quality given only to geniuses - anticipation. If he didn't have a signature stroke - the upright, back-foot punch comes close - it's because he was equally proficient at each of the full range of orthodox shots (and plenty of improvised ones as well) and can pull them out at will.  \n\n",
 			"imageURL": "http://cricapi.com/playerpic/35320.jpg",
  			"battingStyle": "Right-hand bat",
  			"bowlingStyle": "Right-arm offbreak, Legbreak googly",
  			"majorTeams": "India,Asia XI,Mumbai,Mumbai Indians,Yorkshire",
  			"currentAge": "44 years 186 days",
  			"born": "April 24, 1973, Bombay (now Mumbai), Maharashtra",
  			"fullName": "Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar",
  			"name": "Sachin Tendulkar",
  			"country": "India",
  			"playingRole": "Top-order batsman"
  		}
  		 	 	    
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/karthikgangadhar/CricApi. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the CricApi project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[karthikgangadhar]/CricApi/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
